[docs] Address charts docs feedback (#10119)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/lines/lines.md

The interpolation between data points can be customized by the `curve` property.
This property expects one of the following string values, corresponding to the interpolation method: `'catmullRom'`, `'linear'`, `'monotoneX'`, `'monotoneY'`, `'natural'`, `'step'`, `'stepBefore'`, `'stepAfter'`.

> This is a series' property such that different series can have different interpolations.

Author: ```suggestion
This series property adds the option to control the interpolation of a series.
Different series could even have different interpolations.
```
